o make your Angular 17 Dynamic Form Engine publicly available, you have two main routes: distributing it as a compressed tarball (.tgz) for private/manual sharing, or publishing it to the NPM Registry for global access via npm install.

1. Build the Library
The first step is to compile your TypeScript code, SCSS, and metadata into a format that other Angular applications can understand (the Angular Package Format).

Command: ng build maker-form-lib --configuration production

What happens: Angular uses ng-packagr to create a dist/ folder containing the compiled code, bundled styles, and type definitions (.d.ts files).

2. Prepare for Distribution
Before you can publish or pack, you must move into the folder where the "ready-to-use" code lives.

Command: cd dist/maker-form-lib

Note: Never run npm pack or npm publish from your root project folder; it must be done from the dist folder generated in step 1.

3. Option A: Manual Sharing (Local/Private Usage)
If you want to test the package yourself or send it to another team without putting it on the internet yet, use the "Pack" command.

Command: npm pack

Result: This generates a file named something like your-org-maker-form-engine-1.0.0.tgz.

How to use: The other team can install it locally by running:
npm install ../path/to/your-org-maker-form-engine-1.0.0.tgz

4. Option B: Public Publishing (Global Usage)
To make it available via npm install @your-org/maker-form-engine, you need to publish it to the official registry.

Step 4.1: Login: npm login (Enter your username, password, and email).

Step 4.2: Publish: npm publish --access public

Version Control: Remember, you cannot publish the same version twice. If you make a change, you must increment the version in projects/maker-form-lib/package.json (e.g., 1.0.1) and re-build.

5. Final Integration Steps for the Consumer
Once public, the "other team" simply follows these steps:

Install: npm install @your-org/maker-form-engine

Configure App: Add provideHttpClient() and provideAnimations() to their app.config.ts.

Import Styles: Add Bootstrap and Material themes to their styles.scss.

Feed the Schema: Import FormEngineComponent into their standalone component and pass in their FieldDef[] manifest.

🛠️ Pro-Tip: The "Watch" Command for Testing
If you are still making changes and don't want to keep building/re-installing, run:
ng build maker-form-lib --watch
This will automatically re-compile the library every time you save a file, making your development cycle much faster.